Lebron met with many teams like the Nets, Bulls, New York and Cavs
They had lunch and dinner right here, here, and here...
Lebron was happy with their presentations, especially with the CAVS.
We'll just have to wait about his final decision in about 10 seconds...
So I guess, The King is Staying....
Sir...bad news   ;(
Lebron decided to go to another team...
Lebron will be playing for Miami...
Those who have Lebron James Jerseys...burn...them...now...
WHAT THE HELL?!  LEBRON TO MIAMI?!!!
I thought you told me, the Cavs had the edge?!!!
you must be kidding me!!!
PLEASE tell me it's a joke!
I can't believe how desperate the KING...kong is!
I KNOW HE's GOOD, but he will never dethrone the LAKERS!!! MARK MY WORDS!
But boss, you are talking about BOSH-WADE-JAMES in one team...
I KNOW WHAT I'M Talking about you piece of SH*T!
But boss, they can beat the Lakers!
How dare you say that?! Are you MAD?!!!
Look at the NUMBERS!
When Phil wins a championship, it always ends with a three peat!!! There's 1 more!
When Phil wins game 1 of the series, he'll end up winning the whole series!
And remember, he has a record of 48-0!  The Celtics were the latest victim!
WE STILL HAVE KOBE BRYANT!!!
KOBE IS THE REAL KING COZ ONLY KINGS HAVE RINGS!!!
He broke Cleveland's hearts...
tore them to pieces...
But we'll do Cleveland a BIG FAVOR!
We won't allow LEBRON to get a RING!
The Lakers will do that!!!
THE LAKERS WILL BREAK LEBRON's HEART in RETURN...BECAUSE THEY WILL BEAT HIM!
There's no way that PHIL is going to retire without his fourth three peat!
Or Kobe not tying MJ with Six RINGS!
The LAKERS are the TEAM TO BEAT, and I ADMIT THAT MIAMI IS ALREADY A THREAT!
Don't worry, I'm sure Kobe Byrant is going to do something...
but I'm still confident...
The Lakers aren't going to lose...
You...
tell Kobe to get his rest
tell Pau to go to the weight room this early, and Artest to practice shooting consistently....
we also need DEREK FISHER!!!
We're going to beat LEBRON...